== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

Theme URL
http://mariusn.com/themes/reales/blog.html

GIT_SSH_COMMAND='ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa' git push origin search-changes
GIT_SSH_COMMAND='ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa' git push origin master
heroku config:set GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=joesmith
Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

To restore pgdump downloaded from heroku
pg_restore --verbose --clean --no-acl --no-owner -h localhost -d transparentcity_dev 412af051-3310-43fd-92fb-d7edc07abb1d

#memcached Cache
Rails.cache.clear() – Flushing all the keys from memcached.
Rails.cache.delete(‘posts’) – If you wish to flush any specific key from memcached server.


#home Page
*No Fee Apartments That May Interest You

Display Rules
Place the new section below the main text copy and above the Popular NYC Neighborhoods To Rent In.  The statistics show that 75% of users on the homepage are scrolling below the top fold which should bring some extra exposure to the featured buildings.  

Section title
No Fee Apartments That May Interest You

Show 4 buildings at all times.  
If no buildings are featured at any current time, then we should display 4 random buildings with Active Listings on the homepage so that the section will always be populated with buildings.  The random generator will keep it from looking stale.  Take a look at nakedapartments.com as an example.  Everytime the page refreshes, it generates a new set of different buildings.  
If there are Featured Buildings that are currently paid for, then start to use those Featured Buildings to populate the building slots.  
1 Featured Building 3 random buildings
2 Featured Buildings 2 random buildings
3 Featured Buildings 1 random building
4 Featured Buildings 0 random buildings
5+ Featured Buildings will start to randomly rotate amongst the featured buildings ONLY

